Document base Python requirements (#34)
sixfeetup/cookiecutter-sixiedjango: README.md

* update pins in requirements/*.in files but *don't* commit the compiled requirements.txt
  files to the repo.
* update to latest Python supported by Django. For Django 4.1 this is 3.8, 3.9, and 3.10.

## Python Libraries

> As an optionated template, we choose as dependencies some Python libraries and frameworks that
> are configured and made available to be used during the project development. Some of them
> will be installed only if requested when answering the questions in the project creation.

Reviewer: It isn't necessary to restate that this is an opinionated template.
```suggestion
This template includes the Python libraries listed below. Some of them
will be installed only if requested when answering the questions in the project creation.
```
Maybe we should point out which libraries are tied to which questions eg. celery, django-celery-beat, etc will only be installed if you request it during project creation.

> - [argon2-cffi](https://github.com/hynek/argon2_cffi) - it allows to use Argon2 as password hasher in Django, as [recommended](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/topics/auth/passwords/#using-argon2-with-django) by Django docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [argon2-cffi](https://github.com/hynek/argon2_cffi) - enables the use of the Argon2 password hasher in Django, as [recommended](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/topics/auth/passwords/#using-argon2-with-django) by Django docs.
```

- [celery](https://github.com/celery/celery) - Distributed Task Queue
- [crispy-bootstrap5](https://pypi.org/project/crispy-bootstrap5/) - Bootstrap5 template pack for django-crispy-forms.
- [django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) - The web framework for perfectionists with deadlines.

> - [django-allauth](https://github.com/pennersr/django-allauth) - set of Django applications addressing authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication. It considers that you are using regular Django Templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [django-allauth](https://github.com/pennersr/django-allauth) - set of Django applications addressing authentication, registration, account management, as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication. It assumes you are using regular Django Templates.
```

> - [django-anymail](https://pypi.org/project/django-anymail/) - Django email backends for different providers (as Amazon SES, Mailgun, SMTP, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [django-anymail](https://pypi.org/project/django-anymail/) - Django email backends for different providers such as Amazon SES, Mailgun, SMTP, etc.
```

- [django-celery-beat](https://github.com/celery/django-celery-beat) - Celery Periodic Tasks backed by the Django ORM.
- [django-compressor](https://github.com/django-compressor/django-compressor) - Compresses linked and inline javascript or CSS into a single cached file.
- [django-cors-headers](https://github.com/adamchainz/django-cors-headers) - Django app for handling the server headers required for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS). Needs to be configured for [REST framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/topics/ajax-csrf-cors/#cors).

> - [django-crispy-forms](https://github.com/django-crispy-forms/django-crispy-forms) - improve rendering of Django forms. It considers that you are using regular Django Templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [django-crispy-forms](https://github.com/django-crispy-forms/django-crispy-forms) - improve rendering of Django forms. It assumes that you are using regular Django Templates.
```

- [django-environ](https://django-environ.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) -  allows you to utilize 12-factor inspired environment variables to configure your Django application. It is being used in all project settings files.

> - [django-model-utils](https://django-model-utils.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) - mixins and utilities for your project. It is not explicitly used in our generated project but available if wanted to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [django-model-utils](https://django-model-utils.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) - mixins and utilities for your project. It is not explicitly used in our generated project but is available for use in your project.
```

> - [django-redis](https://github.com/jazzband/django-redis) - Full featured redis cache backend for Django.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [django-redis](https://github.com/jazzband/django-redis) - Full-featured Redis cache backend for Django.
```

> - [django-storages](https://pypi.org/project/django-storages/) - Support for many storage backends in Django.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [django-storages](https://pypi.org/project/django-storages/) - Support multiple storage backends in Django.
```

- [djangorestframework](https://github.com/encode/django-rest-framework) - Django REST framework is a powerful and flexible toolkit for building Web APIs.
- [drf-spectacular](https://github.com/tfranzel/drf-spectacular) - Sane and flexible OpenAPI 3 schema generation for Django REST framework. Useful when testing and developing APIs.
- [flower](https://github.com/mher/flower) - Real-time monitor and web admin for Celery distributed task queue.

> - [redis](https://github.com/redis/redis-py) - Redis Python Client. Required by Celery as we use Redis as [broker](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/getting-started/backends-and-brokers/redis.html#using-redis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [redis](https://github.com/redis/redis-py) - Redis Python client. Required by Celery as we use Redis as [broker](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/getting-started/backends-and-brokers/redis.html#using-redis)
```
